TODO items are written in order of importance.
DONE items were written in order of when it was implemented. Each item does not mean a commit.
Last Updated on 7/18 3:40AM

TODO:
Ember Devise SignUp (User RESTfull links setup)
Update Delete command to use softDelete for posts
Create raw profile page for user manipulation
Create raw moderation page for admins and superUser
Create raw admin moderation page for superUser
Complete the setup for all RESTful links for posts and tags
Live Topic and Post Date tags manipulation user story implementation
Users able to create Posts from the current selected tags story implementation
setup RESTful links for comments
Remove any unwanted ~ files
Through code cleanup and indentation.
Recreate database secrets
Verify the steps required for establishing a HTTPS connection.
Setup extended testing for all implemented functionalities
Setup Code Coverage for Ember.
------
Release Alpha
------
update css for entire project.
Finish setting up Travis CI for project.
------
Release Beta
------
Release 1.0
------

DONE:

1. Rails 4.2 implementation
2. Assets Pipeline including bourbon and neat setup
3. Server Setup
4. Database initial migrations
5. ERD implementation
6. Ember-Rails 1.8 implementation
7. Active Model Serializers implementation
8. Ember-Data implementation
9. JSON API setup
10. Ember-Rails Adapters, Controllers, Templates and Views setup.
11. Ember-Rails: View posts based on selected tags user story implementation
12. Ember.js sources upgrade to 1.13
13. Resolved deprecations and errors caused by migration
14. Devise Implementation
15. EmberCLI migration
16. Resolved deprecations from CLI Migrations
17. Pipeline Asset fix
18. Ember Devise Login
19. Custom Session for Login
20. Rails to ember routes transition implemented. Sharing links should automatically make Rails redirect it to ember, and ember should be able to understand what they are about.
21. Raw RESTfull Links implemented for post creation and edit.
22. Create Application space for displaying tags and topic search (above application outlet) {now named Center Panel}
23. Changed CSS to support Center Panel.
24. Genres live tag manipulation (Displays the selected tag name and allows user to clear selection.)
25. Setup Travis CI and underlying testing foundation for Rails and Ember.
26. Setup Code Coverage for Rails.
27. Live tag manipulation user story implementation
28. Hide/show CentralPanel and Sidebars based on currentRoute implemented.
29. Complete the setup for almost all RESTful links for posts
30. Attempted to switch from Partial to Render, but Render helper is not the solution for the relational tags
31. Refactored application partials in order to separated them from the RESTfull links.
32. Refactored Router to reflected RESTFULL links (including upcoming ones.)



