DONE items were written in order of when it was implemented. Each item does not mean a commit.
Last Updated on 8/21 1:18PM

DONE:

1. Rails 4.2 implementation
2. Assets Pipeline including bourbon and neat setup
3. Server Setup
4. Database initial migrations
5. ERD implementation
6. Ember-Rails 1.8 implementation
7. Active Model Serializers implementation
8. Ember-Data implementation
9. JSON API setup
10. Ember-Rails Adapters, Controllers, Templates and Views setup.
11. Ember-Rails: View posts based on selected tags user story implementation
12. Ember.js sources upgrade to 1.13
13. Resolved deprecations and errors caused by migration
14. Devise Implementation
15. EmberCLI migration
16. Resolved deprecations from CLI Migrations
17. Pipeline Asset fix
18. Ember Devise Login
19. Custom Session for Login
20. Rails to ember routes transition implemented. Sharing links should automatically make Rails redirect it to ember, and ember should be able to understand what they are about.
21. Raw RESTful Links implemented for post creation and edit.
22. Create Application space for displaying tags and topic search (above application outlet) {now named Center Panel}
23. Changed CSS to support Center Panel.
24. Genres live tag manipulation (Displays the selected tag name and allows user to clear selection.)
25. Setup Travis CI and underlying testing foundation for Rails and Ember.
26. Setup Code Coverage for Rails.
27. Live tag manipulation user story implementation
28. Hide/show CentralPanel and Sidebars based on currentRoute implemented.
29. Complete the setup for almost all RESTful links for posts
30. Attempted to switch from Partial to Render, but Render helper is not the solution for the relational tags
31. Refactored application partials in order to separated them from the RESTful links.
32. Refactored Router to reflected RESTful links (including upcoming ones.)
33. Added Show/Hide Buttons for all tags
34. Refactored buttons mixins to support different types of buttons.
35. Changed Central Upper Panel G/FT/C and PD tags to support button_type2
36. Changed documentation and created Design and Code information documents for developers looking to see the overall functionality of the project and some technical information not available on the research paper.
37. Deleted several deprecated files carried over from the initial project (When everything was created on Rails)
38. Users able to create Posts from the current Genre, Fact Type and Category selected tags story implementation
39. Scss initial ember and rails split and scss setup for create RESTful pages.
40. Changed facebook_id to facebookURL accross the application.
41. Fixed Central Panel and Sidebars visibility based on current route.
42. Fixed css for creating new User template. Now everything is well aligned and dynamic sized.
43. New footer css! Now all content will be properly organized above the footer while it stays in the bottom.
44. Code Climate upgraded to use the new Engines-enabled config file.
45. Moment.js now available for date manipulation
46. Sign Up validation now also checks against users model for uniqueness. Now it only misses handling birthday input and check if date => 18 years.
47. Ember Devise SignUp (User RESTfull links setup) is now complete!
48. Revised camelCase and under_score_case usage throughout the frontend and backend.
49. Full Name privacy is now enabled on user signup.
50. User Profile (user.show) link is now live and with raw css
51. Added a confirmation message for user logout.
52. Implemented the display for posts and comments created by an user.
53. 3/4 implementing User being able to edit information.
54. Profile Page
55. SCSS structure update for entire project and added new MixinsButtons.
55. Index Page is now just a welcome page while posts.index became the new forum.
56. Genre Manage button redirects to the genres.index for future development.
57. Fixed error caused by null default values and fixed a possible exploit of a new user becoming admin or super user on users/create.
58. 40% Complete the setup for all RESTful links for tags
59. Rails Asset Pipeline is now working!
60. Hide/shows buttons changed to match initial expectation (see research link on Readme.md)
61. Rails counter_cache has been set accross the application.
62. Search by Topic name has been implemented.
63. Search by Post date is now setup (only missing Moment.js posts.index query)
64. Ember-cli updated to 1.13.8
65. Comments resource has been implemented on posts.
66. Raw post.index implemented and post edit route is complete
67. Active Model Serializers upgrade to 0.10.0.rc2 including entire project plural/singular and relationships normalization.

